---
title: Set Up & Connect Your Robot
---

## Steps To Setup and Connect to your robot

Before we begin with controlling a robot, you'll need to set it up and connect to it.
First, you must decide which devices you're going to use. You will usually need _at least two devices_, one that is a robot or will be used as the robot face, and another that will be the controller from which you will control the robot.

> **Advanced**: There are exceptions! You can also use a single device as the controller and the robot. You can set up your controller device's speakers (or connected speaker) as a "Local Robot" which allows you to use a single device for control and the robot face.

The Peerbots Platform supports several different robots, with more to come. As of this writing, you can connect to:

- [Peerbots Faces](https://www.peerbots.org/platform-robot-face)
- [Misty II Robots](https://www.mistyrobotics.com/misty-ii)
- [Furhat Robots](https://www.furhatrobotics.com/furhat-robot)
- Don't see your robot? [Request a robot](mailto:team@peerbots.org?subject=Please Support The (NAME) Robot)

### Select Your Devices

From the above list, you should start by identifying the devices you'll need and make sure they're readily available.

{% include interactive_check.html statement="Identify the robot or robot device you plan to use." %}

### Turn On / Set Up Your Robot

Next, you'll need to make sure your devices are charged, turned on, and connected to the internet or your local network.

If you're using a **Peerbots Face**, go to [app.peerbots.org/face](app.peerbots.org/face) and sign in or note the Guest name that you have been assigned.

If you're using a **Misty robot**, check that it's charged, turn it on, connect it to your network and identify its IP address. Your Misty will likely only be available on your network so make sure your controller device is connected to the same network.

If you're using a **Furhat robot**, check that it's connected to power, turn it on, connect it to your network and identify its IP address. Your Furhat will likely only be available on your network so make sure your controller device is connected to the same network.

{% include interactive_check.html statement="Set up your robot or Peerbots robot face." %}

### Set Up Your Controller Device

On your controller device, go to [app.peerbots.org](app.peerbots.org) and find and select the button to "Connect to a robot".

{% include interactive_check.html statement="On the controller device, go to the connect to a robot screen" %}

### Enter Connection Information

If you're connecting to a **Peerbots Face**:

1. Enter the account email or username if you signed in on the face, or the guest name if you did not sign in.
2. Select "Call"
3. On the Face Device, click "Accept Call" on the call you just received.

If you're connecting to a **Misty robot**, enter the Misty IP address. If your Misty is only on your local network (likely), you may need to [follow instructions here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EbRSl4YNd-cgjH-snJQYXwjvPnQJ7M2mnUzj-xuuMdw/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.guoghh7j6ypz) as well.

If you're connecting to a **Furhat robot**, enter the Furhat IP address. If your Furhat is only on your local network (likely), you may need to [follow instructions here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EbRSl4YNd-cgjH-snJQYXwjvPnQJ7M2mnUzj-xuuMdw/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.guoghh7j6ypz) as well.

Once you connect to a robot, you should see a confirmation message and the robot information should appear under your "Connected Robots" section in the sidebar/navbar.

{% include interactive_check.html statement="Connect to your robot or robot face." %}

### Test Your Connection

To test your connection, go to the Control tab on [app.peerbots.org](app.peerbots.org) and select any of the buttons. The connected robot(s) should all express the button's information.

{% include interactive_check.html statement="Test sending a message to the robot or robot face or control the robot motion where applicable." %}

### All Set!

Once you complete all the above steps, you're ready to control your robot!

{% include interactive_progress.html %}
